Add timeframe_to_minutes to ROI documentation (#2974)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/strategy-customization.md

While technically not completely disabled, this would sell once the trade reaches 10000% Profit.

> To use times based on candles, the following snippet can be handy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use times based on candle duration (ticker_interval or timeframe), the following snippet can be handy.
```

> This will allow you to change the ticket_interval, and ROI will be set as candles (e.g. after 3 candles ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will allow you to change the ticket_interval for the strategy, and ROI times will still be set as candles (e.g. after 3 candles ...)
```

``` python
from freqtrade.exchange import timeframe_to_minutes

class AwesomeStrategy(IStrategy):

    ticker_interval = '1d'
    ticker_interval_mins = timeframe_to_minutes(ticker_interval)
    minimal_roi = {

>         (ticker_interval_mins * 3): 0.02,  # After 3 candles

Reviewer 2: Has this been tested? It does not seem to work for me, also shouldn't it start with 0 minutes?

Author: Yes i did - the 0 entry is not necessary - however there was a bug in this section - it needs explicit conversion to string as this is expected to be a string.

A sample configuration (it did a few trades in this config, too)

![2020-02-26-064243_492x258_scrot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5024695/75315621-7e2b6080-5863-11ea-99e2-a1ca0cc8552b.png)

        str(ticker_interval_mins * 6)): 0.01,  # After 6 candles

>     }

Reviewer: My suggestion (can support @yazeed here, it's not needed, but better be added to avoid questions):

```
    minimal_roi = {
        '0' : 0.03,                            # 3% till 3 candles
        str(ticker_interval_mins * 3)): 0.02,  # 2% after 3 candles
        str(ticker_interval_mins * 6)): 0.01,  # 1% after 6 candles
    }
```
